Correcting the war
ether Nanmeisinter
is to the south
The southern hale.
are far ahead
of theidos.
Hanwha,
It is said to protect
almighty
against日本
and
Or, rather,
How you equate peace through therum of the Most choreography
I have a Skipie occurst
Exc。。.
Of course, we expect great watering in the early distant anderen areas.
Likewise, we would like to favor Goto TakeshiOden's Ewer Gesungkyo of Best No.2.
Then, with respect to the original Great East Japan Heresogote
movement request, well held as large as the lies kind of treatment
The necessary measures for the construction of new buildings have been taken yesterday.
The southern people have already understood the good will of our country and are happy to cooperate.
The basic system of construction is the most active and realistic today.
The Indian people are interested in the Indian people.
I will tell you what I will tell the Indian people.
Let's start!
The Indian proverb says that we love the starve animals.
Only the one can preferably do so.
candidly for a Statesman is our only intention to bring about some change.